Optional context argument in generators (#6358)
phoenixframework/phoenix: guides/data_modelling/your_first_context.md

Phoenix includes the `mix phx.gen.html`, `mix phx.gen.json`, `mix phx.gen.live`, and `mix phx.gen.context` generators that apply the ideas of isolating functionality in our applications into contexts. These generators are a great way to hit the ground running while Phoenix nudges you in the right direction to grow your application. Let's put these tools to use for our new product catalog context.

> When we run the generators, the context name is optional, and Phoenix will automatically use the plural name as the context module. This allows us to keep moving forward when starting out or when it is not yet clear how the different parts of our system related to each other. Luckily, the needs of ecommerces are well defined nowadays, so it provides an excellent ground for us to design with intent. So let's take a step back and think about the different parts of our system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When we run the generators, the context name is optional, and Phoenix will automatically use the plural name as the context module. This allows us to keep moving forward when starting out or when it is not yet clear how the different parts of our system relate to each other. Luckily, the needs of ecommerce systems are well defined nowadays, so it provides an excellent ground for us to design with intent. So let's take a step back and think about the different parts of our system.
```
